feat: replace MkDocs with ProperDocs (#838)
scientific-python/cookie: docs/guides/docs.md

With the creators of `mkdocs-material` and `mkdocstrings` now working on
[Zensical](https://zensical.org/about/), MkDocs's future is uncertain, and
mkdocs-material will be minimally maintained until late 2026.
[ProperDocs](https://properdocs.org), started by a former MkDocs maintainer,
is a drop-in fork of MkDocs keeping compatibility with existing plugins; the
cookie uses it. MkDocs is threatening a complete reworking without plugin

> support for its next release, and then all public activity has ceased.

Author: ```suggestion
is a drop-in fork of MkDocs keeping compatibility with existing plugins; the
cookie uses it. MkDocs was threatening a complete reworking without plugin
support for its next release, and then all public activity ceased.
```

You can add the standard indices and tables at the end.
:::
:::{tab-item} ProperDocs
:sync: properdocs
ProperDocs is a maintained, drop-in-compatible fork of MkDocs, so almost all
MkDocs documentation and plugins apply to it as well. While the cookie cutter
creates a basic structure for your ProperDocs site (a top level
`properdocs.yml` file and the `docs` directory), you can also follow the
official

> [Getting started](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/getting-started/)

Author: ```suggestion
[Getting started](https://properdocs.org/getting-started)
```
